{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 Isabella:  Hey Nathan - do we have Tuesday classes tomorrow? o.o\par
 Sent at 3:00 PM on Monday\par
 me:  Yes, no double half day\par
AHH! life.\par
 Isabella:  That's been me for the past two days\par
And the English projecttttttt\par
T.T\par
 me:  *Gasp. when is that due?\par
 Isabella:  In your case, Wednesday I think\par
 me:  You mean, IN TWO DAYS?!?\par
 Isabella:  Well mine's due Thrusday AND I STILL HAVEN'T STARTED\par
Thursday\par
o.o\par
THURSDAY\par
 me:  Does she seriously think that the best time to do this is during the play? I haven't started either.\par
 Isabella:  I don't think she even knew about the play until I told her\par
Which was Thursday\par
 me:  GAHHSAAHHAE!!\par
 Isabella:  Because y'all didn't announce until the last day possible I mean....\par
I can hear that in my head\par
This is how well I know you\par
 me:  Hey, I don't think so highly of the timing either, but, um, yeah.\par
I suppose its far better to do it this week than next week, though\par
 Isabella:  Thanksgiving\par
And I still haven't done those notes - bother\par
 me:  I could seriously spend from now till 3am solid doing homeworkd, probably.\par
Not that I will, which presents a problem.\par
 Isabella:  All my time have been consumed with college applications\par
I mean - I don't even have a favorite magazine\par
Or newspaper I mean\par
o.o\par
 me:  Perhaps I should convict myself for doing NOTHING extremely useful on Friday. People have favorite magazines?\par
Newspapers?\par
 Isabella:  EXACTLY\par
NO ONE DOES\par
 me:  Wh.....\par
 Isabella:  soihavetolieeeeeimeanbecreative\par
Stanford needs to stop\par
 me:  ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????/\par
Oh.\par
College.\par
That.\par
Um,..?\par
darn\par
 Isabella:  I work on Fridays o.o but don't convict yourself - that's not healthy\par
 me:  Well, I'll be going on a mission first anyway, so...\par
 Isabella:  Lucky ....\par
WAIT DID YOU GET CHOSEN YET\par
OR WHATEVER ITS CALLED\par
I picture someone pulling your name out of a raffle and scream - NATHAN - YOU GET TO GO TO BLANK\par
Congratulations\par
 me:  Possibly someone else in my family will be doing my application anyway. While I'm on a mission.\par
Um, perhaps I should explain this.\par
No.\par
 Isabella:  xD feel free\par
 me:  First I would have to fill out my paperwork and send it in, after getting approval from local church leadership, I think.\par
 Sent at 3:12 PM on Monday\par
 me:  Then it goes to one of the general authorities (one of the top 12 or so people) who by inspiration calls you to a specific mission.\par
 Isabella:  Hmm\par
 me:  I suppose from the worlds point of view that could be somewhat misconstrued, but these leaders are so connected with the Spirit of revelation that they are able to do this as needed, for thousands of missionaries the world over.\par
just in case you were wondering.\par
 Isabella:  If you don't mind, me being blunt, is that what they do all day?\par
I was...curious\par
 me:  I don't really know; they are very busy people - but I think some of them are more over that than others. There's all sort of church business to be done by all of them all the time.\par
Most of the time we see them either dedicating temples, going to area conferences, or speaking in general conference. Or visiting other countries or missions\par
 Isabella:  Ah, I see.\par
And then you go to the missionary type school where you learn the language and etc?\par
 me:  Not that my explanations would be very fulfilling, but there you go.\par
Um, Yes... Missionaries going to foreign language missions will spend longer in the MTC (missionary training center) than others.\par
And hardly know how to speak much when they are thrown out into the world.\par
Probably that sounded bad.\par
 Isabella:  I'm sorry - I sound terribly flippant don't i? (~'o')~\par
Oh no, that's what Brother Cell said as well\par
There's only so much you can learn from a book xD\par
 me:  Flippant? I could name a few people who are flippant, and you're NOT one of them.\par
 Sent at 3:20 PM on Monday\par
 Isabella:  Oh - wow, I was not expecting that o.o thank you\par
 me:  Um, well, yes. There's only so much that can be learned from books, but that doesn't hold true so much if someone else is there to teach you too.\par
At least, according to the definition of flippancy that I remember hearing\par
 Isabella:  Adjective:        \par
Not showing a serious or respectful attitude: "a flippant remark".\par
Synonyms:        \par
frivolous - light-minded\par
via Google\par
* waits for you to take it back * xD\par
 me:  No, you can keep it :)\par
 Isabella:  Yay ^^\par
 me:  I think there's quite a difference between flippant and being, um, yeah.\par
 Isabella:  Disrespectable and etc\par
 me:  yes. etc.\par
 Isabella:  Ohhhhhhh\par
 me:  ?\par
 Isabella:  Your game\par
 me:  ?\par
 Isabella:  If you have time, o.o\par
You wanted to explain it to me several weeks ago\par
 me:  Uh, well, yes. Not that I should have time, but... do you have any specific questions or should I endeavor to explain more fully?\par
 Isabella:  xD\par
 me:  I'll take that as a yes.\par
 Isabella:  Its a face\par
 me:  which really doesn't answer either.\par
 Isabella:  But\par
 me:  Yes?\par
 Isabella:  basically what I understand is that there is a species of people, kinda like dragons that need to guard these portals? o.o or something\par
It's a little fuzzy\par
My memory not the game\par
 me:  I see. Okay, so when you start the game, this race of Nippen have been living on a small world, really just an island floating in an empty sky.\par
 Sent at 3:28 PM on Monday\par
 me:  You are one of them, though probably most of the older generation have gone. Problems start happening (this would be like a cutscene at the beginning).\par
Earthquakes, darkness where there wasn't before, possibly momentary sensation of falling, perhaps cracks in this smallish island world, etc.\par
The Nippen have ... just a moment I'll be right back\par
 Isabella:  Ok - I just left actually o.o\par
 me:  I'm back.\par
So, the Nippen here, you learn later, fled here. They tried to forget the past. Unfortunately they succeeded mostly.\par
 Isabella:  While I'm waiting for you to type, I might as well say that I've fairly certain my dog doesn't like you because she keeps barking at the screen\par
 me:  They're nature sort of critters, not liking the problems of the world or even buildings etc.\par
sad.\par
 Sent at 3:33 PM on Monday\par
 me:  Um, pretty much all they know is that they came from another world through the stone gateway at center of the island. One important fact remains, that there were four elemental orbs of magical power etc that were sealed in place in the other world that must stay sealed. If ever things start going wrong, it means that they have been disturbed.\par
 Isabella:  Was that a Nippen you drew once?\par
I'm reading all of this by the way\par
 me:  Yes, yay\par
 Sent at 3:35 PM on Monday\par
 me:  It is actually, you later learn, the orbs that are holding the Nippen world together, that created it. The nippen manage to find the world stone sealed on the floating world and reattach it to the gate. For some reason I don't remember, they send only one through the gate. That would be the player.\par
When you get there, the reactivation created a magical surge that I think causes the ruins you come out in to collapse, so the gate you came through is inaccessible.\par
or busted. Ayway,\par
 Sent at 3:39 PM on Monday\par
 me:  You are tasked with learning all you can, finding a way back to the Nippen world (or a gate for them to escape through if need be) and possibly resealing the magical orbs on the way.\par
 Sent at 3:40 PM on Monday\par
 me:  These orbs, after the catastrophe fuzzy in the distant dark dim past, were locked in protective, fortress-like locations filled with puzzles and traps, built supposedly so that probably only a Nippen could get through.\par
The humans play a rather small role in this - except for the bad guy.\par
 Isabella:  There is rather random but size of a Nippen in comparison to a human?\par
*This\par
 me:  Anyway, as you collect orbs, they give you abilities the Nippen race probably originally had to begin with (like swimming for long distances underwater, flying long distances, burrowing, blowing fire, etc.) Nippen are about the size of a human, perhaps a little smaller?\par
Um, Any questions? A lot of what I still need to work on is the ending and a lot of the puzzles built into the game.\par
And more details on the story, and how it is to be revealed throughout the game.\par
 Isabella:  Hold on\par
Sorry - random phone call - I'll be right back\par
 Sent at 3:45 PM on Monday\par
 me:  okay\par
 Sent at 3:47 PM on Monday\par
 Isabella:  How many castles would there be?\par
Or maybe you said and I didn't see\par
 Sent at 3:50 PM on Monday\par
 Isabella:  And would the Nippen be going through modern day human places like cities or is it a Middle Ages setting?\par
 me:  I didn't say. There would be four locations for those four elemental orbs, but there would be more key locations than that. There would probably be one evil fortress, a ruined city or two, perhaps an ancient watchtower(?), perhaps another good place too.\par
 Sent at 3:52 PM on Monday\par
 me:  Not modern, not even earth per say, but they would have some extent of machinery like pipes and gears in certain places, but other than magical stuff that's the highest tech.\par
 Isabella:  So futuristic\par
 me:  There would be wires that carry magic akin to electricity, but not exactly. More connecting with magical stones than anything.\par
not futuristic.\par
Most would be like middle ages stuff. Just a couple places with gears etc.\par
 Sent at 3:55 PM on Monday\par
 me:  There would be a couple other places on the world, like a volcano, a giant crack in the ground, some underground caverns, a dying village, etc.\par
a forest.\par
a wasteland\par
Oh, and access by waygates to a couple of other worlds.\par
One possibly where humans might have fled. Possibly destroyed now.\par
 Isabella:  Other worlds like underwater or swimming through sand?\par
Your brain is something else.  I wish I could think of all this stuff\par
As for the reason why they only send one nippen, could you think of some sort of cliche "Chosen One" thing? Though cliche....\par
 me:  "swimming through sand" as I would have also called it, is probably the best I'll be able to do for the burrowing ability. It will depend on posession of the earth orb. Thank you.\par
I probably won't have a world oriented around that, but it's possible.\par
 Sent at 3:58 PM on Monday\par
 Isabella:  Do you plan on having specific guardians for the orbs - as in, the player finishes all the puzzles and the orb is right there but there is one last thing in their way, sort of similar to the sphinx in HP with a riddle\par
 me:  Other elements of the game would include lava (swimmable with fire orb), possible a couple places with levers etc, ice (and ability to melt it with fire orb), water and probably some related mechanics or even flowing in some cases, and some other things I'm not sure about.\par
 Isabella:  And the guardians could go with the elements, like a earth nymph or something\par
 Sent at 4:00 PM on Monday\par
 me:  I'm not sure. The player doesn't have much in the way of attack - only really for small things. The guardian, if there is one, would probably have to be another puzzle...\par
Or a puzzle to get rid of it.\par
 Isabella:  Or a riddle? o.o\par
Just random thoughts\par
 me:  The special abilities associated with each element, remember, do not come until after the puzzles to get the orb - though these puzzles ought to be associated with the element also somewhat. Some may be beatable only with previous orbs.\par
 Sent at 4:03 PM on Monday\par
 me:  I will have some riddle-like things probably associated with the story, or as puzzles of their own like to find a place you have to figure out what the jumble a certain character told you means etc. that sort of thing.\par
I sort of like the idea, though, of one last surprise before reaching each orb that you have to figure out how to survive through.\par
like the floor disappears etc.\par
Oh, the top of the air tower will probably be disconnected from the base.\par
the entire fire fortress itself will be hidden underground where no one can find it.\par
 Isabella:  .......air tower o.o\par
How do you - do you fly through it\par
 me:  The water fortress will probably be enterable behind a waterfall.\par
I'm not sure.\par
 Sent at 4:06 PM on Monday\par
 me:  I want to carefully design anything like riddles or puzzles so that they are somewhat intellectual, but solveable without having to have like prior knowledge etc.\par
Except, of course, prior knowledge you learn in the game.\par
There will probably be some secret locations that are unnecessary, and others you have to find in order to progress - but again they have to be possible. Perhaps a hint somewhere.\par
Possibly only one orb can be in use by the player at a time. Not sure yet.\par
 Isabella:  So each fortress would basically be the end of a "level"\par
 me:  Most or all puzzles should avoid aquisition of certain objects, as this is difficult to do in-game. Mostly information-based. I will do this to some extent, though, like with magic stones or orbs.\par
 Sent at 4:10 PM on Monday\par
 me:  sort of, except it's beautifully designed without "levels," where everything is connected, and you might get partway through one puzzle, only to realize you missed something and have to go somewhere else before you can finish.\par
Or where you don't have the ability to finish until you acquire another object/orb.\par
Maybe I will have more objects. Not sure.\par
Have I melted your brain yet?\par
 Isabella:  Slightly - I'm reading and re-reading before I ask questions as to not ask something already said xD\par
 Sent at 4:13 PM on Monday\par
 me:  :) One of my ideas is to take each of the four key elemental locations and put either the end-place with the orb on another world or to put all the associated puzzles/structures also on another world.\par
 Sent at 4:15 PM on Monday\par
 me:  So that each has its associated world too. I wonder if they get destroyed when you remove the orb?\par
 Isabella:  Yes they would\par
I mean - isn\par
Isn't the orb what\par
 me:  Oh, and you can die - sort of. I haven't entirely figured this out yet, but I think it will just put you back a bit. You sort of crystallize into a stasis mode and come back a while back. I think. ???\par
 Isabella:  arghhhhhhh\par
My keyboard hates me\par
Isn't the orb what is keeping the Fortress together\par
HEY I HAVE AN IDEA FOR THAT\par
Except its from an online game xD\par
 me:  The four elemental orbs are the magic used to construct and hold together each (or almost all) the worlds that are not the original earth, like Nippen world, which it takes all four to hold together.\par
?\par
 Isabella:  What happens is when you get attacked and your stamina dies, you get "dazed".  Other players can help you if they have a ring for it (your power comes from rings in the game) or you have transport back to the "null chamber" and recharge\par
 me:  When the magic is diverted from the holding the worlds together, the world begins to lack in that area and fall apart.\par
Actually, most things do just make you dazed, sort of "konked out" then you wake up a couple moments later with low energy.\par
 Isabella:  I see\par
But goodness, the idea of those puzzles, trying to keep to solvable yet challenging o.o\par
 me:  energy is a necessary evil to program in because you can only fly for short distances. Might as well take energy to "shoot" too.\par
Well, some of the puzzles might have to be very difficult.\par
 Isabella:  Do you have two bars then - one stamina and one energy?\par
 Sent at 4:22 PM on Monday\par
 Isabella:  Well don't blow their brains out, otherwise no one but you could solve it :D  But yes, toward the orb\par
brb\par
 me:  probably not... though I could. My initial intention was to just have one for energy, and for life you just get temporarily konked out, or if you die then you have to backtrack a bit perhaps to the last save-point?\par
 Sent at 4:24 PM on Monday\par
 me:  well, not many seem to be able to finish Myst, Riven, Exile, etc.\par
I can't even get past being stuck in one place in Exile.\par
 Isabella:  Still not here - phone call again\par
:(\par
 Sent at 4:28 PM on Monday\par
 me:  But really, the puzzles in Myst etc. are brilliant! I wish I had more of those kinds of ideas.\par
 Isabella:  Back and reading\par
What kind of ideas do you have?\par
 Sent at 4:31 PM on Monday\par
 me:  One, for example, is a "puzzle" sort of to do with light. I'm thinking of a place where sunlight is redirected in a beam through a prism, where the rainbow goes through a system of switches. You can choose which colors to let through, and those are directed back to a world gate. Different combinations for this gate will take you to different world - though obviously only certain ones will work. And this means that I can put info for these combinations wherever I want.\par
 Sent at 4:34 PM on Monday\par
 me:  though to prevent hacking I'll have to have like sixteen or so different color switches, if not more.\par
Another part of this puzzle is getting the thing to work in the first place.\par
Has to be at the right time of day for sunlight to get through.\par
Possibly need to arrange mirrors at certain angles etc. I don't know.\par
 Isabella:  Like a sun tower\par
 me:  Sort of yes. I am actually considering putting this in a tower in a ruined city.\par
The ruined city will be difficult to design, but should be very useful and possibly able to get lost in.\par
This would have been the main gate at one point in the past, I think.\par
I wonder - perhaps the gate this tower goes to isn't even in the city - you might have to follow the wires to find it.\par
did sun tower have reference to anything, or was it just an apt discription?\par
 Isabella:  Description\par
 me:  :)\par
 Isabella:  I'm trying to connect it to things I know xD\par
Because you said spectum and my brain just flew for a sec\par
 me:  I'll show you my sketches again perhaps tomorrow. Then things may begin to come together.\par
spectrum. Did I miss a letter? Or just being all scientific\par
 Isabella:  You're being Nathan - tis fine\par
 me:  You know, the puzzles and the graphics and the building of places will take far longer than programming the engine - that just hit me. I'm not even done with the engine that runs the thing!\par
Sure, nip flies, runs, goes up and down slopes even (mostly), but.... I still have a long way to go.\par
Probably won't finish at all before my mission.\par
Oh, well.\par
Good to have fun working on though.\par
 Isabella:  Hmmm\par
 me:  Any last questions? I should probably get onto my homework now. Or the day before yesterday. Whatever.\par
 Isabella:  None that I can think of right now.  Thanks for explaining it to me though - xD I know I didn't chat much but I was trying to let you type\par
 me:  Okay. Thanks! have a good night, and see you tomorrow.\par
 Isabella:  you too -- Government ^^\par
 me:  don't remind me.\par
Bye!\par
 Isabella:  REMINDER\par
lol\par
 Sent at 4:45 PM on Monday\par
 \par
Isabella is offline. Messages you send will be delivered when Isabella comes online.\par
Continue this chat over SMS.\par
}
 